praise the Lord everyone and welcome to
God seller 7-channel I'm sister Barbara
and I have a prophecy I'd like to read
for you today you could join me in the
New King James Version Study Bible I'm
going to be in first Thessalonians
chapter 5 verses 1 to 10 but concerning
the times and the seasons brother you
have no need that I should write to you
for yourselves know perfectly that the
day of the Lord so comes as a thief in
the night or when they say peace and
safety then sudden destruction comes
upon them as labor labor pains upon a
pregnant woman and they shall not escape
but you brethren are not in darkness so
that this day should not overtake you as
a thief you are all sons of light
and Sons of the day we are not of the
night nor of darkness therefore let us
not sleep as others do but let us watch
and be sober for those who sleep sleep
at night and those who get drunk are
drunk at night but let us who are of the
day be sober putting on the breastplate
of faith and love s and as a helmet of
hope of salvation for God did not
appoint us to wrath but to abstain
obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus
Christ who died for us that whether we
wake or sleep we should live together
with him the day of the war so here is
the prophecy again this is an older
message I got this message on March
second of 2010 nighttime comes soon for
those on earth the time is now when the
scriptures will be fulfilled those that
worship the Serpent's will mourn and cry
for their time
is finished
so I have two messages up there now it
is finished in it finished as far as the
big tree goes and finished as far as the
serpent goes so we know we're going to
be seeing things I would have to say
really the quickening so you wanted to
belong to the Lord Jesus Christ he's
coming back so he's giving us all of
these messages calling people to him
warning of the consequence if you're not
saved please do whatever you need to do
to make sure that you are going to spend
eternal life with the Lord so repent be
baptized in jesus name you will receive
the gift of the Holy Spirit and I want
to proclaim the acceptable year of the
Lord from now until September 23 2015
the Lord offers a complete cancellation
of spiritual debt and brand new
beginning to anyone who responds to his
message and again these are his messages
brother dan and I we have the gift of
prophecy you can read about that at
first Corinthians chapter 12 and again
the Lord is wanting to you to be with
him forever so thank you again for
tuning into God's Hilary 7-channel you
could join us again we have some other
messages will be putting up praise the
Lord have a safe and blessed day and I
want to send a blessing out there too
families and your friends and especially
those that are in confusion and need
saving please get a Bible google it I
have the vibe free the free Bible on my
my yute youtube channel you can go right
to my channel page but get to know the
Lord amen praise Lord today